Jehovah made Jesus first,
then the angels.
But there was no sun,
moon,
stars,
no earth.
What would that be like?
It would be something like this.
I can’t see, Daddy.
Jehovah created the stars,
including our sun, . . .
Whoa!
. . . and the earth.
But it did not look like it does now.
In the beginning, there was nothing
but one big ocean of water
until
he made land appear.
Then he made grass
and trees.
Whoa!
Dad, my bear!
Don’t worry, my son, I will help you.
Here you go.
Thanks, Dad.
What about all the animals?
Yes!
First, he made sea life
and the birds.
Daddy, I’m flying!
And do you know what Jehovah made next?
Whoa!
He made all the animals that live on land.
It’s an elephant!
Wow!
And then he made people.
Jehovah created the earth
and everything on it.
He made it beautiful
so we can enjoy it.
He wants us to enjoy his creation forever.
Ready to say a prayer?
Let’s thank Jehovah.